# notes for Fall Game Jam
Game name: Mikey "Rattlebones" Jones: The Skeleton Farmer
Project Type: Ren'Py story application
Characters: Mikey
	    Old Straw the Scarecrow
	    Farmer John (antagonist)
            side characters...

The game progresses through different seasons (Starts in Fall/Witer/Spring/ and ends in Summer. 
The player must make decisions about how to adapt the farm to each season, impacting the types of crops, challenges, and events that occur.
Branching paths
----------------
1. Farmer John (Fall)
Farmer John, driven by greed, confronts Mikey with an ultimatum to sell his land at a fraction of its worth.
Branch A: negotiate
Branch B: resist
* The chosen path could lead to a game over for the player.

*These choices will affect Mikey's reputation and the game's overall storyline.

3. Harvest Festival (Fall)
It's time for the annual Harvest Festival, and Mikey has the chance to showcase his produce.
Branch A: Mikey chooses to stay hidden, avoiding the festival, fearing that his true identity might be revealed.
Branch B: Mikey decides to attend the festival, wearing a clever disguise.
* The outcome will affect his farm's reputation in the community.
	1A. Competition
	Mikey enters in the festival competition and must determine which produce he should put on display.
	Branch A: Squash
	Branch B: Pumpkin

4. The Ghostly Neighbor (Winter)
Mikey's farm has an old, supposedly haunted barn. The player can choose to investigate it or leave it alone.
Branch A: Explore
Branch B: Ignore
* Exploring the barn could reveal secrets about the farm's history, skeletons, and unexpected encounters.

5. The last straw (Summer)
After multiple confrontations, Mikey and John's feud reaches a boiling point.
Branch A: Mikey Shows is true nature
Branch B: challenge John to a farming competition
* The chosen path could lead to a primary ending

Endings
-------
End 1: Mikey's farm fails and begrugingly goes back to Bone Hollow to face ridicule.
(Prim.) End 2: Mikey discovers that he's better off as a scary skeleton than a farmer. Leaves back to Bone Hollow, although with a new face, still feels empty...
(Prim.) End 3: Mikey's farm is a huge success and everyone loves his farm and produce.